# You can add or remove courses.
# See https://academy.moralis.io/all-courses for an updated list of courses.
# This list is up-to-date as of May 1, 2022.
Crypto for Beginners
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/crypto-for-beginners
Master DeFi in 2022
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/defi-101
Build a DEX Using JavaScript
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/javascript-programming-for-blockchain-developers
Moralis Web3 dApp Programming
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/moralis-web3-dapp-programming
Blockchain & Bitcoin Fundamentals
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/blockchain-bitcoin-101
Ethereum Fundamentals
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/ethereum-101
Blockchain Business Masterclass
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/blockchain-business-masterclass
Bitcoin Monetary Revolution
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/the-bitcoin-standard-course-history-of-money-and-bitcoin
Program Trading Algorithms
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/algorithmic-trading-technical-analysis
DeFi 101 - Old Version
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/defi-101-old
Advanced DeFi
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/defi-201
Cryptography & Privacy Coins
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/cryptography-privacy-coins-bitcoin-monero-zcash-and-more
Build a Wallet On Ethereum
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/ethereum-smart-contract-programming-101
Build a DEX On Ethereum
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/ethereum-smart-contract-programming-201
Bitcoin Programming 101
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/bitcoin-programming-101
React Web Development 101
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/react-web-development-101
Lightning Network & Lightning App Programming
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/lightning-network-lightning-app-programming
Master Technical Analysis
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/technical-analysis-101
EOS Programming 101
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/eos-programming-101
EOS Programming 201
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/eos-programming-201
Ethereum Game Programming
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/ethereum-game-programming
Unity Blockchain Game Development 101
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/unity-blockchain-game-development-101
Enjin Blockchain Development 101
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/enjin-blockchain-development-101
Ethereum Smart Contract Security
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/ethereum-smart-contract-security
C++ Programming for Blockchain Developers
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/c-programming-for-blockchain-developers
Blockchain for Enterprise
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/baseline-protocol-and-unibright-blockchain-for-enterprise
Bitcoin Vulnerabilities
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/bitcoin-attacks
Master Fintech Business
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/fintech-101
U.S. Taxation of Digital Assets
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/us-taxation-of-digital-assets
OriginTrail 101
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/origintrail-101
OriginTrail 102
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/origintrail-102
Supply Chains in Blockchain
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/morpheus-network-101
Master Polkadot Ecosystem
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/polkadot-101
Program Oracles Using Chainlink
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/chainlink-101
Build an NFT Marketplace
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/ethereum-dapp-programming
The essential blockchain job search guide
https://academy.moralis.io/courses/the-essential-blockchain-job-search-guide